now you may not know what you're looking
at here but if you remember the first
monarch video when she laid her eggs
this is the aftermath now there are so
many caterpillars I'm having an
emergency a natural disaster so what was
there is now over here
that's crazy
and
here so I'm having to do an emergency
mission to butterfly world tomorrow I
want you to see the culprit to have them
in here so they don't go searching for
food and die of hunger so I can get them
any food they're crazy they're fighting
they're doing anything they can find
more milkweed
I'm hoping they survive until tomorrow
afternoon
hmm it's better all day affair
they are carnivorous so if they don't
have a fool they might eat each other
this is a serious issue
so
there they are
which was molecular lee in a rush I
can't see anything he put the Catholic
oh yeah that was my brilliance we have
an escapee or a newcomer
he's going for look